[ADD] Sales: adding new doc about returns and refunds directly in Sales app (#1019)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/products_prices/returns/returns_refunds.rst

Case 2: Returning products after invoicing
==========================================
Sometimes, customers receive and/or pay their invoice before deciding to return an item within
your company’s return window. In these cases, a return using only Reverse Transfers is impossible
since validated or sent invoice cannot be changed, but Reverse Transfers can be used in
conjunction with Credit Notes to complete the customer's return.

Navigate to the customer’s Sales Order. If a Sales Order has any registered payment on it, the
payment details are located in the chatter, and the invoice itself has a **Paid** banner across it.

A customer wants to return 10 of the 20 products that they purchased, already
paid for, and received. Starting a return in this case begins the same as Case 1 by clicking on
the validated Delivery Order, then on  **Return** to open the Reverse Transfer pop-up. Edit the
quantity from 20 to 10 since the customer only wants to return half of the order, and click
**Return**. Just as in Case 1, this action generates a new Warehouse Operation for the incoming
returned product, which can then be validated once received. Back on the Sales Order, if **Update

> Quantities** was selected, the return product's line item now reflects the change in amount under

Reviewer: "the return product's line item" is this correct? It sounds a bit convoluted

delivered quantities.

.. image:: returns_refunds/case-2-updated-sales-quantities.png
  :align: center

>   :alt: Updated Delivered Quantities

Reviewer: The screenshot is huge. Check my previous comments on screenshots to improve that one as well

Since the items have already been paid for, the validated invoice needs to be changed to reflect

> that your team processed a return. Tap on the **i** icon next to the paid line item, and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that you processed a return. Tap on the **info** icon next to the paid line item, and the
```
Maybe highlight the info button in your screenshot?

**Payment Info** pop-up appears and provides the option to unreconcile this payment. Click on
**Unreconcile**.

.. image:: returns_refunds/unreconcile-button.png

>   :align: center
>   :alt: Unreconcile Button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :align: center
   :alt: Unreconcile button
```

After the invoice is unreconciled, the options for **Send & Print** and **Register Payment** become
available again alongside a note that there are outstanding payments for the customer.

> .. note::
>   The Accounting application needs to be installed for the **Unreconcile** option to be available
>   on an invoice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   The Accounting app needs to be installed for the **Unreconcile** option to be available
   on an invoice.
```

> Now, select **Add Credit Note**, and a pop-up menu appears where several selections need to be
> made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, select **Add Credit Note**, and choose (...)
```
I would straight describe what needs to be done, the second part of the sentence is not really necessary.

.. image:: returns_refunds/credit-note-popup.png

>   :align: center
>   :alt: Credit Note pop-up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :align: center
   :alt: Credit Note pop-up
```

Choose whether you want the Credit Method to be issued as a Partial Refund, Full Refund, or

> a Full Refund and new draft invoice. A reason for the credit is not required, but adding one can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a Full Refund and New Draft Invoice. A reason for the credit is not required, but adding one can
```
To be consistent with the capitalization on line 94

ensure team members know exactly why a customer was credited if looking at orders later.
Choosing a Specific Reversal Date requires a **Refund Date** to also be selected. For both options,
a **Specific Journal** is not required but can be a helpful tool for team organization.

.. tip::

>   Choosing **Full Refund and New Draft Invoice** cancels the created invoice and creates a new
>   draft one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Choosing **Full Refund and New Draft Invoice** cancels the created invoice and creates a new
   draft one.
```

> After clicking **Return,** edit the quantity of the product on the draft invoice before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After clicking **Reverse**, edit the quantity of the product on the draft invoice before
```
You mean clicking Reverse, no?

confirming the invoice. A new banner appears after confirmation to inform your team that this
particular customer has outstanding payments that can be used as a payment option on the invoice.
Odoo will display this message until the credits are completely used on their account.

.. image:: returns_refunds/outstanding-payment-banner.png

>   :align: center
>   :alt: Outstanding payments banner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :align: center
   :alt: Outstanding payments banner
```
